= Tasks=

If you are doing a task, put your name beside it. 
When it's done, cross it out.
If a task is not on the list, add it.

*Tasks*
 * ~~Create Level 4 class~~
 * ~~Basic conga zombies~~
 * ~~Head Conga Zombie~~
 * ~~Set up Level 4 Layout~~
   * ~~just need to make zombies~~
 * ~~Set up Level 5 Layout~~
   * ~~Basically done except for the box puzzle layout~~
 * Set up Level 6 Layoyt _Jeff_
 * ~~Adjust Cannibal zombie to use sprite strips for ! and ?~~
 * ~~Adjust Fast zombie to use a sprite strip for awake and asleep~~
 * ~~Create Level 5 class~~
 * ~~Create Box object~~
   # ~~A box class for the actual box you can push around~~
   # ~~A box pattern class that will check all of the squares in its pattern for boxes, and if they have one it will return completed and play a noise~~
 * ~~Create snakes ~~
 * create flamethrower zombies _Ryan_
 * ~~create black pit - vortex~~
 * Splodin Baby Zombies & level 6 _jeff_
 * Boss zombie
 * Add a "You just died animation to Darwin"
 * Level 5: Need to put back objects(blocks, snakes) on "Reset"
 * Level 5: link to level 6 when you Win
 * Add sounds
 * ~~Improve Level 1 design: add more zombies~~
 * Improve level 3 design: more leaves,& more walls and/or zombies?
 * Add "help" message bubbles in new levels
 * add intro splash pages for each level? (introduce zombies?)

*Sprites*
 * ~~Head Conga Zombie~~
 * flamethrower zombie
 * flames
 * ~~ snakes ~~ 
 * ~~pushable boxes~~
 * ~~sparkles~~
 * ~~black pit~~
 * hanniblector mask for cannible zombie
 * axe for conga zombie
 * boss zombie
 * baby zombies
   * explosions
 * conga follower zombies?
 * nursery/crib thingy

*Bugs*
 * There's a weird bug that sometimes pops up where a zombie kills you but instead of having a game over you teleport back to the starting spot
 * ~~Can't Pick up Potions~~
 * Level 5: sometimes snakes/darwin can walk through blocks
 * Level 5: can push blocks past black pit
 * Do zombies still kill you when you are not beside them?
   They don't seem to.  I moved the update order around on lvls 1-4 and that seems to have fixed it.