= Zombies =

Probably do a bug2 for a zombie AI path planning

Zombies from the brainstorm:
 * red zombie
 * fast zombie
 * smart zombie
 * blind zombie
 * conga zombie/worm zombie line
 * lone-star zombies vs pack zombies
 * cannibal zombies  "cannibal with regular zombies". he doesn't care for humans, only zombies
 * slime zombie with trail 
 * teleporting zombie
 * king zombie, all the zombie love him (elvis?) ** final boss?
 * ghost zombie
 * baby zombie ** 
 * mommy zombie
 * mommy zombie with babies following, like baby ducks. darwin can walk over babies to squish, but that enrages mommy zombie
 * raptor zombie
 * robot zombie
 * scared zombies
 * liger/tigon zombies
 * sleeping track star zombie...don't walk on the dry leaves (or whatever "flag" to wake him up) ** "sneaking level"
 * pirate zombie
 * ninja zombie
 * mickey mouse zombie
 * zombie that ride stuff
 * zombies that jump
 * zombies with balloons
 * zombies that throw little zombies
 * armoured zombies
 * exploding zombies ** (in boss level)
 * giant zombie - 4 squares, final boss "lure in exploding zombies for him to eat"
 * basic zombie - can optimize him a bit 


= Levels =

Need a different way of building levels - we are hard coding right now
- Level class?

 # tutorial 
 # sneaking around
 # cannibals
 # ?
 # ?
 # boss level

Maze level with toxic surroundings?
Kill everything in room to continue?

= Game Updates =

 * if we have switches, do we need keys? do we add more inventory? Yes, if we need to!
 * implement the vortex
 * darwin pushing blocks?
 * brain image strip - its life goes down


= Graphics =

 * make new tiles
 * make the game look more like a lab. 
 * separate menu area away from "walls"
 * need to put health at bottom menu
 * graphics for menu need to be made